Update subprojects.md (#3575)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/afterword/subprojects.md

### Infrastructure Working Group Leads

> *Project Information: [GitHub issues](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ainfrastructure)*
> - Chair: [Danny Garside](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#danny-garside)
> - Secretary: [Sarah Gibson](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#sarah-gibson)
> - Member: [Brigitta Sipőcz](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#brigitta-sipocz)
> - Member: [Jim Madge](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#jim-madge)
> - Member: [Johana Bayer](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#likeajumprope)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Project Information: [GitHub issues](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ainfrastructure)*

- Chair: [Danny Garside](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#danny-garside)
- Secretary: [Sarah Gibson](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#sarah-gibson)
- Member: [Brigitta Sipőcz](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#brigitta-sipocz)
- Member: [Jim Madge](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#jim-madge)
- Member: [Johana Bayer](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#likeajumprope)
```

Strictly speaking, you need blank lines before and after lists in Markdown.

> The Infrastructure working group chair rotates every 6 months. Next chair rotation allocated for September 2024.

Reviewer: Is it worth saying who the group of people it rotates between is?
Is that what a co-chair is?

Author: I think it's worth adding it. What do you think now?

Reviewer: What I remember from the meeting (and it would be worth checking 😅).

Danny and I were excited and _wanted_ to be chair.
Brigitta and Sarah were happy to be called but wouldn't ask to be chair.

So, the pool is Danny and Me?

Reading the meeting minutes again. I think co-chairs is more for when the responsibilities are being shared between multiple people simultaneously. So I think one chair is right :+1:.

*Project Information: [GitHub issues](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ainfrastructure)*

- Chair: [Danny Garside](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#danny-garside)
- Co-Chair: [Jim Madge](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#jim-madge)
- Secretary: [Sarah Gibson](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#sarah-gibson)
- Member: [Brigitta Sipőcz](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#brigitta-sipocz)
- Member: [Johana Bayer](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record#likeajumprope)

> The Infrastructure working group chair rotates every 6 months. Next chair rotation allocated for September 2024.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Infrastructure working group chair rotates every 6 months, with responsibilities shared among different members of the working groups. 
The next chair rotation is scheduled for September 2024.
```
